README.md, before:

Part of the Serverless Azure-based .Net 2.0 Standard Broadcast solution.
See this [client library repository](https://github.com/bitfox-git/azurebroadcast-client) for more.

[![Build status](https://dev.azure.com/bitfox/AzureBroadcast.Functions/_apis/build/status/Build%20AzureBroadcast.Functions)](https://dev.azure.com/bitfox/AzureBroadcast.Functions/_build/latest?definitionId=4)

# Bitfox.AzureBroadcast.Functions 

These Azure Functions are part of the Bitfox.AzureBroadcast feature and should be used in combination with a Azure SignalR service in Serverless mode and the Bitfox.AzureBroadcast.Client for easy real-time messaging in .Net 2.0 Standard solutions. For example: Desktop applications (WPF/WinForms) in need of an easy interclient communication, comparable with UDP broadcasting on a local network. 

## Sample usage

In any .Net 2.0 Standard solution:

``` csharp
    var client = new BroadcastClient<string>('endpoint-of-azure-functions','hostkey');

    client.onMessage = (msg, info) => { 
        //do something useful with received messages;

    }

    client.Start();
    client.Broadcast("Hello World!");

```` 

## Requirements

### Setup an Azure SignalR service

1. Create the Azure SignalR service in Azure Portal
2. Change the service Feature Flag 
![](doc/FeatureFlags.png "Create Azure SignalR service")
3. Copy and save the service endpoint in settings/key menu for later use.
    
### Setup an Azure Functions endpoint

4. Use the Azure portal to setup an Azure Function.
5. Within the created Azure Function navigate to Platform Features / Application Settings. 
6. Add new Application Setting with the name `AzureSignalRConnectionString` and the value of the Azure SignalR endpoint as recorded in step 3. 
7. Write down the default host key found when you click on manage on one of the deployed functions.

![](doc/HostKeys.png "Retrieve host key after deploy")


## Deploy a release

Use the latest release on Github tab releases to get the precompiled functions as zip. 
Upload the zipfile in the Azure Portal.


## Build and Deploy of the Azure Function

Clone this repo. You will need .net 2.x SDK for building.

```
dotnet restore
dotnet build
dotnet publish --configuration Release
``` 

### Deployment options

1. Deploy from Visual Studio Code

Install the Azure Functions extension, this allows easy deployment directly from vs-code.

2. Zip the publish folder and use the Azure portal to upload the zip. 

3. Use the `Get publish profile` option in the overview page of the Azure Function in the Azure Portal. Publish with MSDeploy.

## Test your deploy

Go to the Azure Portal Function
Go to the `info` function, this function is reachable anonymous, with a host key.

Commit message:

Update info about zip deploy

README.md, after:

Part of the Serverless Azure-based .Net 2.0 Standard Broadcast solution.
See this [client library repository](https://github.com/bitfox-git/azurebroadcast-client) for more.

[![Build status](https://dev.azure.com/bitfox/AzureBroadcast.Functions/_apis/build/status/Build%20AzureBroadcast.Functions)](https://dev.azure.com/bitfox/AzureBroadcast.Functions/_build/latest?definitionId=4)

# Bitfox.AzureBroadcast.Functions 

These Azure Functions are part of the Bitfox.AzureBroadcast feature and should be used in combination with a Azure SignalR service in Serverless mode and the Bitfox.AzureBroadcast.Client for easy real-time messaging in .Net 2.0 Standard solutions. For example: Desktop applications (WPF/WinForms) in need of an easy interclient communication, comparable with UDP broadcasting on a local network. 

## Sample usage

In any .Net 2.0 Standard solution:

``` csharp
    var client = new BroadcastClient<string>('endpoint-of-azure-functions','hostkey');

    client.onMessage = (msg, info) => { 
        //do something useful with received messages;

    }

    client.Start();
    client.Broadcast("Hello World!");

```` 

## Requirements

### Setup an Azure SignalR service

1. Create the Azure SignalR service in Azure Portal
2. Change the service Feature Flag 
![](doc/FeatureFlags.png "Create Azure SignalR service")
3. Copy and save the service endpoint in settings/key menu for later use.
    
### Setup an Azure Functions endpoint

4. Use the Azure portal to setup an Azure Function.
5. Within the created Azure Function navigate to Platform Features / Application Settings. 
6. Add new Application Setting with the name `AzureSignalRConnectionString` and the value of the Azure SignalR endpoint as recorded in step 3. 
7. Deploy the functions (see below)
8. Write down the default host key found when you click on manage on one of the deployed functions.

![](doc/HostKeys.png "Retrieve host key after deploy")


## Deploy a release

Use the latest release on Github tab releases to get the precompiled functions as zip. 
Upload the zipfile in the Azure Portal.


## Build and Deploy of the Azure Function

Clone this repo. You will need .net 2.x SDK for building.

```
dotnet restore
dotnet build
dotnet publish --configuration Release
``` 

### Deployment options

1. Deploy from Visual Studio Code

Install the Azure Functions extension, this allows easy deployment directly from vs-code.

2. Zip file deployment.

Download the latest release zip file `s.zip` from the GitHub release tab. Go to https://<your-appname>.scm.azurewebsites.net/ZipDeployUI  and drop the zip file. 

3. Use the `Get publish profile` option in the overview page of the Azure Function in the Azure Portal. Publish with MSDeploy.

## Test your deploy

Go to the Azure Portal Function
Go to the `info` function, this function is reachable anonymous, without a host key. And click 'run'.
